# Question 1: 
In this question we need to rotate the n bit number by any number of times, so we use the concept of the universal shift register which had had four options rotate right, rotate left , load the data and the serial out of the data. Now we see the internal structure of the Universal shift register. And convert the d flip flop in terms of the 2:1 MUX and also we use only two operations one is the loading operation which is done by parallel loading and the next operation is the rotating operation. There is a logi sim and a verilog file and a verilog code will be uploaded
# Question 2: 
In this question we have made into the mealy and moore machine. The major difference between the mealy and moore is that in mealy it checks for the next input and directly generates the output where as in moore machine the output is dependent on the states once the state is reached then only the output is generated. Both the codes and vivado files are uploaded.
# Question 3:
In this question we use the concept of the frequency divider. First we use the counter for the frequency division and add a D flip flop for normalizing the f/7 condition. Here a logi sim circuit and a circuit diagram and a vedeio is uploaded.
# Question 4: 
In this question we need to get the wave form in accordance with the question. When we observe the question it satisfies the MOD 3 counter from 00,01,10 and then clear is triggered. The one problem with the alone MOD 3 counter is that it will not get extended to extra half clock cycle to get that we add a d flip flop in order to get the waveform X. Then we use this X waveform and pass it through another d flip flop in order to get the Y waveform. In this circuit we use 2 t flip flops for the counter and two d flip flops as to extend. T flip flops are rising edge First D flip flop for the X waveform is high level triggered. For the second D flip flop for Y waveform we use falling edge triggered. The logisim and vivado file are uploaded. In the vivado file we can get the actual waveform.
